feat(srvless): image size tips (#4865)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/reference-content/containers-limitations.mdx

During the execution of the container, if the limits are exceeded, a restart occurs.

## Image size

> We recommend to keep your image size **below 1GB** to ensure faster deployment and better cold start performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend keeping your image size **below 1 GB** to ensure faster deployment and better cold start performances.
```
